Fix favicon support for query and fragment in URLs (#2645)
withastro/starlight: .changeset/neat-deers-pretend.md

---
'@astrojs/starlight': patch
---

> Fixes favicon url parsing of query and fragment

Reviewer: Suggesting a small tweak to this changeset:

```suggestion
Fixes support for favicon URLs that contain a search query and/or hash
```

Author: Will adjust once other feedback is resolved and final names determined.

Author: Updated PR.
